I'm its street fee the place for street
food in London and I'm gonna give you a
little guided tour meet some of my mates
and see who's smashing it on the street
food see the bun get in my face all
right boys how are you doing good to see
you
so basically before booking your bun
which is classic will be on reimagined
in the American diner story
Oh amazing
boy big street base and now I'm seeing
my sisters come on come on
mammoth jerk station in the area salt
fish cakes
can I have two awesome
ma'am a jerk stations salt fish cake
without sort of a marinade sauce flippin
delicious right and with me culinary
sisters Jules
Hannah whoa are you doing girls are you
well
jazz hands good jazz hands so donuts
give me the loving thanks love just
going straight we're gonna muck like
them come on
these are Pawnee anymore Brooke
rhyming Dalston yard where street fees
the leading place for street food in the
you cut corners come on
I'm like Street feast in UK dig dog
technical Cullen return with me on
camera okay just don't do it